---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oktapam_project_groups Data Source - terraform-provider-oktapam"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Returns a list of ASA Project Groups, corespondibng to an ASA Project. For more information check out the documentation https://help.okta.com/asa/en-us/Content/Topics/Adv_Server_Access/docs/setup/add-a-group-to-project.htm on assigning ASA Groups to Projects.
---

# oktapam_project_groups (Data Source)

Returns a list of ASA Project Groups, corespondibng to an ASA Project. For more information check out the [documentation](https://help.okta.com/asa/en-us/Content/Topics/Adv_Server_Access/docs/setup/add-a-group-to-project.htm) on assigning ASA Groups to Projects.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_name` (String) If a value is provided, the results are filtered to only contain resources belonging to the ASA Project.

### Optional

- `create_server_group` (Boolean) If 'true', the results only include the ASA Project Groups that have 'create_server_group' field set to 'true'.
- `disconnected_mode_on_only` (Boolean) If 'true', the results only include resources with disconnected mode enabled. NOTE: This is only available if the ASA Team has the Disconnected Mode Beta feature enabled; contact support@okta.com if you wish to participate in the Beta.
- `has_no_selectors` (Boolean) If 'true', the results only include resources with empty label selectors. NOTE: This is only available if the ASA Team has the Early Access PolicySync feature enabled.
- `has_selectors` (Boolean) If 'true', the results only include resources with label selectors set. NOTE: This is only available if the ASA Team has the Early Access PolicySync feature enabled.
- `include_removed` (Boolean) If 'true', the results include removed resources.

### Read-Only

- `group_names` (List of String)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


