---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oktapam_project_group Data Source - terraform-provider-oktapam"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Returns a list of ASA Project Groups, corespondibng to an ASA Project. See https://help.okta.com/asa/en-us/Content/Topics/AdvServerAccess/docs/setup/add-a-group-to-project.htm for more information on assigning ASA Groups to Projects.
---

# oktapam_project_group (Data Source)

Returns a list of ASA Project Groups, corespondibng to an ASA Project. See https://help.okta.com/asa/en-us/Content/Topics/Adv_Server_Access/docs/setup/add-a-group-to-project.htm for more information on assigning ASA Groups to Projects.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_name` (String) If a value is provided, the results are filtered to only contain resources belonging to the ASA Project.

### Optional

- `create_server_group` (Boolean) If 'true', the results only include the ASA Project Groups that have 'create_server_group' field set to 'true'.
- `disconnected_mode_on_only` (Boolean) If 'true', the results only include resources with disconnected mode enabled. NOTE: This field is only valid for ASA teams with the Disconnected Mode Beta feature enabled.
- `has_no_selectors` (Boolean) If 'true', the results only include resources with empty label selectors. NOTE: Label selectors are only applicable if the ASA Team has the Early Access PolicySync feature enabled.
- `has_selectors` (Boolean) If 'true', the results only include resources with label selectors set. NOTE: Label selectors are only applicable if the ASA Team has the Early Access PolicySync feature enabled.
- `include_removed` (Boolean) If 'true', the results include removed resources.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `project_groups` (List of Object) Returns a list of ASA Project Groups, corespondibng to an ASA Project. See https://help.okta.com/asa/en-us/Content/Topics/Adv_Server_Access/docs/setup/add-a-group-to-project.htm for more information on assigning ASA Groups to Projects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--project_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--project_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `project_groups`

Read-Only:

- `create_server_group` (Boolean)
- `deleted_at` (String)
- `group_id` (String)
- `group_name` (String)
- `project_name` (String)
- `removed_at` (String)
- `server_access` (Boolean)
- `server_admin` (Boolean)
- `servers_selector` (Map of String)


