---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oktapam_ad_task_settings Resource - terraform-provider-oktapam"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Settings for an Active Directory (AD) task that discovers servers. For more information check out the documentation https://help.okta.com/asa/en-us/Content/Topics/Adv_Server_Access/docs/ad-sync.htm on AD server discovery.
---

# oktapam_ad_task_settings (Resource)

Settings for an Active Directory (AD) task that discovers servers. For more information check out the [documentation](https://help.okta.com/asa/en-us/Content/Topics/Adv_Server_Access/docs/ad-sync.htm) on AD server discovery.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_id` (String) The UUID of an associated AD connection.
- `frequency` (Number) Indicates how often the server sync job runs. Possible values: `1`, `6`, `12`, `24`.
- `host_name_attribute` (String) The AD attribute that defines the hostname for a server. This is used to identify discovered servers.
- `is_active` (Boolean) If `true`, the AD server sync job is enabled.
- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the resource. Values are case-sensitive.
- `os_attribute` (String) The AD attribute that defines the operating system of discovered servers.
- `rule_assignments` (Block Set, Min: 1) The rules used to assign discovered servers to Projects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_assignments))

### Optional

- `access_address_attribute` (String) The AD attribute that defines an IP address or DNS name for a server. This is used by the Gateway to connect to discovered servers.
- `additional_attribute_mapping` (Block Set, Max: 10) Additional AD attributes used to map information to specified labels. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--additional_attribute_mapping))
- `alt_names_attributes` (Set of String) The AD attribute that defines alternative hostnames or DNS entries. These are used to resolve discovered servers.
- `bastion_attribute` (String) The AD attribute that defines the bastion host for a server. Clients use this bastion to tunnel traffic to discovered servers..
- `run_test` (Boolean) If `true`, performs a test run for the server sync job.
- `start_hour_utc` (Number) A UTC timestamp that indicates the hour range when the server sync job runs. Only used if `frequency` is set to 24.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--rule_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_assignments`

Required:

- `base_dn` (String) The domain to search for servers.
- `ldap_query_filter` (String) The criteria used to filter discovered servers.
- `priority` (Number)
- `project_id` (String) The UUID for an existing Project. Discovered servers that match the rules are assigned to this Project.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--additional_attribute_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_attribute_mapping`

Required:

- `label` (String) An existing ASA label
- `value` (String) The AD attribute to map to the specified ASA label

Optional:

- `is_guid` (Boolean) If `true`, the AD attribute is identified as a Globally Unique Identifier (GUID)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# AD Task Settings can be imported using AD Connection ID and ID of this resource separated by a forward slash (/), e.g.,
terraform import oktapam_ad_task_settings.example {{connection_id}}/{{id}}
```
