---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oktapam_project_group Resource - terraform-provider-oktapam"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Assigns a  Group to a Project and configures how the Group is created on enrolled servers. For details, see Groups https://help.okta.com/asa/en-us/Content/Topics/Adv_Server_Access/docs/setup/groups.htm.
---

# oktapam_project_group (Resource)

Assigns a  Group to a Project and configures how the Group is created on enrolled servers. For details, see [Groups](https://help.okta.com/asa/en-us/Content/Topics/Adv_Server_Access/docs/setup/groups.htm).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_name` (String) The human-readable name of an existing Group. Values are case-sensitive.
- `project_name` (String) The human-readable name of the Project. Values are case-sensitive.

### Optional

- `create_server_group` (Boolean) If true, creates a local (unix or windows) group on enrolled Project servers and adds all relevant users to the local group. This does not impact user creation. Server Users are always created as long as `create_server_users` is set to `true` for the Project.
- `server_access` (Boolean) If `true`, members of this Group have access to the servers enrolled in the Project.
- `server_admin` (Boolean) If `true`, provides sudo permissions to members of this Group on servers enrolled in this Project.
- `servers_selector` (Map of String) Enables access to servers with labels matching all selectors. Only available to Teams with the Early Access Policy Sync feature.

### Read-Only

- `deleted_at` (String) The UTC time when the resource was deleted. Format is '2022-01-01 00:00:00 +0000 UTC'.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `removed_at` (String) The UTC time when the resource was removed from parent resource. Format is '2022-01-01 00:00:00 +0000 UTC'.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Project Group can be imported using Project Name and Group Name separated by a forward slash (/), e.g.,
terraform import oktapam_project_group.example {{project_name}}/{{group_name}}
```
