---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oktapam_project Resource - terraform-provider-oktapam"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An ASA construct that contains servers and is used to grant end users access to server infrastructure. See https://help.okta.com/asa/en-us/Content/Topics/AdvServerAccess/docs/setup/projects.htm for more information on ASA Projects.
---

# oktapam_project (Resource)

An ASA construct that contains servers and is used to grant end users access to server infrastructure. See https://help.okta.com/asa/en-us/Content/Topics/Adv_Server_Access/docs/setup/projects.htm for more information on ASA Projects.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the resource. Values are case-sensitive.

### Optional

- `create_server_users` (Boolean) If 'true', `sftd` (ASA Server Agent) creates corresponding local (unix or windows) user accounts in the ASA Project's servers.
- `forward_traffic` (Boolean) If 'true', all traffic in the ASA Project be forwarded through selected ASA Gateways.
- `gateway_selector` (String) Assigns ASA Gateways with labels matching all selectors. At least one selector is required for traffic forwarding.
- `next_unix_gid` (Number) The GID to use when creating a new ASA Server User. Default value starts at 63001.
- `next_unix_uid` (Number) The UID to use when creating a new ASA Server User. Default value starts at 60001.
- `rdp_session_recording` (Boolean) If 'true', enable remote desktop protocol (RDP) recording on all servers in the ASA Project.
- `require_preauth_for_creds` (Boolean) If 'true', require preauthorization before an ASA User can retrieve credentials to sign in.
- `ssh_certificate_type` (String) The SSH certificate type used by access requests. Options include: `CERT_TYPE_ED25519_01`, `CERT_TYPE_RSA_01`. `CERT_TYPE_RSA_01` is a deprecated key algorithm type. This option should only be used to connect to legacy systems that cannot use newer SSH versions. If you do need to use `CERT_TYPE_RSA_01`, it is recommended to connect via a gateway with traffic forwarding. Otherwise, please use a more current key algorithm. If left unspecified, `CERT_TYPE_ED25519_01` is used by default.
- `ssh_session_recording` (Boolean) If 'true', enables ssh recording on server access requests.

### Read-Only

- `deleted_at` (String) The UTC time of resource creation. Format is `2022-01-01 00:00:00 +0000 UTC`.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `team` (String) The human-readable name of the ASA Team that owns the resource. Values are lower-case.


