---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oktapam_saas_app_checkout_settings Resource - terraform-provider-oktapam"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages checkout settings for SaaS Application resources in a project
---

# oktapam_saas_app_checkout_settings (Resource)

Manages checkout settings for SaaS Application resources in a project



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `checkout_duration_in_seconds` (Number) The duration in seconds for the checkout. If the checkout is enabled, the duration is the maximum time a user can access the resource before the checkout expires.
- `checkout_required` (Boolean) Indicates whether a checkout is mandatory for accessing resources within the project. If `true`, checkout is enforced for all applicable resources by default. If `false`, checkout is not required, and resources are accessible without it.
- `project` (String) The UUID of a Project.
- `resource_group` (String) The UUID of a OktaPAM Resource Group.

### Optional

- `exclude_list` (List of Object) If provided, only the account identifiers listed are excluded from the checkout requirement. This list is only considered if `checkout_required` is set to `true`. Only one of `include_list` and `exclude_list` can be specified in a request since they are mutually exclusive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exclude_list))
- `include_list` (List of Object) If provided, only the account identifiers listed are required to perform a checkout to access the resource. This list is only considered if `checkout_required` is set to `true`. Only one of `include_list` and `exclude_list` can be specified in a request since they are mutually exclusive. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--include_list))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--exclude_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exclude_list`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `saas_app_instance_name` (String)
- `service_account_user_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--include_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `include_list`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `saas_app_instance_name` (String)
- `service_account_user_name` (String)
