---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oktapam_team_settings Resource - terraform-provider-oktapam"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Team-level settings for a specific Team, such as authentication and enrollment details. For more information check out the documentation https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/asa/teams/#fetch-team-settings on ASA Team Settings and it's usage.
---

# oktapam_team_settings (Resource)

Team-level settings for a specific Team, such as authentication and enrollment details. For more information check out the [documentation](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/asa/teams/#fetch-team-settings) on ASA Team Settings and it's usage.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `approve_device_without_interaction` (Boolean) If enabled, ASA auto-approves devices for ASA Users that are authenticated into this Team.
- `client_session_duration` (Number) Defines the Client session duration. Value should be in hours between 1 hour and 25 hours.
- `include_user_sid` (String) The configuration option for including the User Security Identifier (SID) in the certificate during an RDP connection to a Windows Active Directory (AD) server offers three settings: Never, If_Available, and Always. The selection of this option determines the inclusion or exclusion of the User SID in the certificate presented during the RDP connection.
- `reactivate_users_via_idp` (Boolean) If a disabled or deleted ASA User is able to authenticate through the IdP, their ASA User is re-enabled.
- `user_provisioning_exact_username` (Boolean) If true, ASA has ASA Users configured through SCIM to maintain the exact username that is specified.
- `web_session_duration` (Number) Defines the duration of the web session. Configure the web session to be between 30 minutes and 25 hours.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Team name is populated as the ID for team settings.


